Add documentation for new 'backlog' config option (#167)
nginx/unit-docs: source/configuration.rst

        defines SSL/TLS
        :ref:`settings <configuration-listeners-ssl>`.

>     * - **backlog** *(since 1.33.0)*

Reviewer: The docs by default are for the latest version. I haven't seen any other instances where we mention that some option is only available after an specific version. I think this belongs in a changelog. If a remark is necessary I suggest to add it in the Description instead.

```suggestion
    * - **backlog**
```

Author: > The docs by default are for the latest version. I haven't seen any other instances where we mention that some

I don't think that's actually stated anywhere.

it's quite common in documentation to say when some new feature was introduced unless you have per-version docs, which we don't...

> option is only available after an specific version. I think this belongs in a changelog. If a remark is necessary I 

It'll be in the changelog yes,

> suggest to add it in the Description instead.

Not everyone will be running the latest version and still need to query the docs, it's probably wise to mention it somewhere there.

Reviewer: I made the previous comment because I don't recall seeing comments like this for other flags/features in the Unit docs.

Does that mean that every flag and feature is available in all older versions of Unit? If not, can you point me to other instances where we mention that a feature is not available in older versions?

It's a question of consistency.

The rest of NGINX products in docs.nginx.com don't have per version documentation (except for mayor versions, like NIM 2 vs NIM 3 and NAP 4 vs NAP 5), and the documentation does not explicitly indicate that a  feature is not available in previous versions, other than in the release notes.

I understand this as mentioning what version are the docs for:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ccee156e-70f7-40c0-a11f-c9c0817b5c53)

As mentioned, if you have a strong opinion about keeping it, I would move it to a note in the description column

Author: > Does that mean that every flag and feature is available in all older versions of Unit? If not, can you point me to other instances where we mention that a feature is not available in older versions?

There have been undocumented settings added in recent times and at least one documented one (server_version) and while _server_version_ doesn't say from what version it's available from, it probably should...
 
> I understand this as mentioning what version are the docs for:

I take it to mean the current version of Unit... unit.nginx.org is _more_ than just the documentation...

      - Integer;

>         controls the 'backlog' parameter to the listen(2) system-call.

Reviewer: This is under "Available listener options:"

Is it redundant to say this is a parameter to the listen system-call?

Author: I don't think so, it's being very clear what this option effects.

>         This essentially limits the number of pending connections waiting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This limits the number of pending connections waiting
```

Author: The exact meaning of the backlog parameter to listen(2) is a little different between OS's and even within versions of the same OS...

Reviewer: then
```suggestion
        This effectively limits the number of pending connections waiting
```

Author: Same difference...

        to be accepted.

>         The default varies by system. On Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and macOS
>         we default (-1) to the OS's default. E.g. on Linux since 5.4 this is
>         4096, on FreeBSD it's 128.
> 
>         On other systems we default to 511.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The default varies by system. On Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and macOS
        the default (-1) is the OS's default. For example, on Linux since 5.4 this is
        4096; on FreeBSD the default is 128;  on other systems, 511.
```

```suggestion
        The default varies by system. On Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and macOS,
        the default (-1) is the OS's default. For example, on Linux since 5.4, the 
        default is 4096; on FreeBSD, it is 128; on other systems, 511.
```

Author: > For example, on Linux since 5.4, the 
        default is 4096; on FreeBSD, it is 128; on other systems, 511.

That's a little unclear if _we_ default to 511 _or_ if the  OS default is 511...

For example someone may set -1 expecting to get 511 on their system when in fact they only get 128 or somesuch...

I'll re-work it somewhat...

>         NOTE: Whatever limit you set here will be limited by the OS's
>         system-wide sysctl, e.g. on Linux net.core.somaxconn and on BSD
>         kern.ipc.somaxconn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        NOTE: The limit you set here will be limited by the OS's
        system-wide sysctl. For example, on Linux net.core.somaxconn, and on BSD
        kern.ipc.somaxconn
```

Avoid using Latin abbreviations.

        defines SSL/TLS
        :ref:`settings <configuration-listeners-ssl>`.

    * - **backlog**
      - Integer;
        controls the 'backlog' parameter to the *listen(2)* system-call.
        This essentially limits the number of pending connections waiting
        to be accepted.

        The default varies by system.

        On Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and macOS the default is **-1** which
        means use the OS default. For example. on Linux since 5.4, this is
        **4096** (previously **128**) and on FreeBSD it's **128**.

        On other systems the default is **511**.

>         NOTE: Whatever limit you set here will be limited by the OS
>         system-wide sysctl. For example. on Linux that is
>         **net.core.somaxconn** and on BSD it's **kern.ipc.somaxconn**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        NOTE: Whatever limit you set here will be limited by the OS
        system-wide sysctl. For example. on Linux that is
        **net.core.somaxconn**, and on BSD it's **kern.ipc.somaxconn**
```

Author: I don't believe the Oxford comma is necessary here as there's no ambiguity about what systems the two sysctl values pertain to...

Reviewer: you are right

    * - Option
      - Description

>     * - **listen_threads** *(since 1.33.0)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * - **listen_threads**
```
See my other suggestion about indicating this is a new feature here

      - Integer;

>         controls the number of router threads created for handling client
>         connections. Each thread encompases all the configured listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        controls the number of router threads created to handle client
        connections. Each thread encompases all the configured listeners.
```

>         By default we create the same number of threads as there are
>         available CPUs to run on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        By default, we create as many threads as the number of CPUs that are
        available to run on.
```
